hi I'm Jane I'm Morgan you want to talk
to everybody to anyway a lot of people
have been asking us to make a YouTube
video because we do a lot of research
about products and we thought you might
enjoy these products too
mainly we're looking at cruelty free or
some organic non-toxic beauty products
anything from you know nail polish
remover it's a face makeup and we spent
a lot of money in time researching these
things mostly her I use I'm more into
the cruelty free things which I have a
lot of right and I'm into that because
we love our animals we have a lot of
animals and we do believe that we should
support companies that don't just on
that's not animals kind of cruel but
anyway also I'm getting into using
organics Cosmetics etc things that are
healthier for you everything won't be a
hundred percent organic but it might be
free of some of toxins etc definitely
better than the standard cosmetics that
are out there so anyway we hope that you
follow us subscribe it's not Twitter
Tumblr be subscribe to our Channel will
be putting videos out probably within
the week we're gonna start we're gonna
review the products may be tough some
out swatch them if it's like a pigment
or color just so you can see everything
how it works and so you don't have to
spend your time and money on it you can
just watch our videos yes
I've spent plenty of time my lovely
daughter and my lovely mother okay the
channel is correct anyway
anyway we hope you enjoy it and I
appreciate doing that doing the research
for you so you can be healthier and are
cutely what animals would suffer also
anyway see you around thanks for watchin
the face